Maze Game

- Goal:
	The goal of the game is to kill all the monster in the board. Player must collect the power to kill the monster, 
	otherwise they will be eaten. The power will be ramdomly generated at first and everytime it has been collected.

- How the Board Works:
	- The board is in the class Maze and it cooperates with the class Cell, The class Maze is used for generating 
	   the maze, creating a valid maze map for the gameplay. The class Cell is used to represent the 
	   basic board logic component.

	- The Cell object will has two value which is the number of row and column, for representing 
	   the location in the maze. The Cell also contains a value for represent the current spot is a open cell or a wall, 
	   define by '0'(open cell) and '1'(wall). There will also be a value representing the cell has been revealed or not.

	- The Maze will first create a 2D array with the elements of Cell for generate the foundation of the maze map,
	   setting the outside wall. Then it will start building the inter wall and the path in the same function by go 
	   though all the cell in the map, checking they are revealed or not. 
	   To avoid having a invalid maze, there will be a function checking whether the maze is valid or not, 
             	   if not it will generate a new maze until the maze is valid.

	- All the variable will be private in both class Maze and Cell, applying the Encapsulation concept, but there 
	  will be getter and setter function to support other class such as Game, Monster, Player and Power, which 
	  wish to get the coordinate from the maze.

	- The class Game in package GameLogic will call a generate function in Maze to generate map, it will keep 
	   generate till it finds a valid board, then it will return the 2D array<Cell>. That 2D array will be the board
	   in that game.

- How the UI Works:
	-  The UI is used for update the character location to the board which are the Player, Monsters and the Power. 
	   It will also reveal the player's neighbor cells. UI will update everytime when some movement have been made
	   during the game. Can think of the class Maze is for the foundation, and the class UI is the displayion.
	
	- Same as the class Maze, UI will have a 2D array but this time with the char element inside. Because it will 
	   display the character by using symbols ('#' wall, '@' player, '!' monster, '$' power etc.) which are char data
	   datatype. Drawing the interface by using get methods to get each object's status's value and 
	   set our 2D char array’s value according to current play and monsters' status. There will be some private
	   helper function for drawing the board. For example, makeOutsideWallsVisible() is used for making the 
	   outside wall of the board revealed to player. These kind of helper function won't be expose to users.

	- Since the location of the player and monster will keep on changing during the game, the UI will need to 
	   keep updating new character location everytime there is a movment is made. It will call the getter function
	   to get all the characters current location and storage the corresponding symbol to the 2D char array.
	   It will also call the setter function for setting the player's neighbor cells to be revealed. Finally there 
	   will be another helper function called "updateUI" to display the whole interface to the user. 

- Summary:
	We wish to separate the classes clearly, every classes have their own purpose. That's why the class Maze, will 
	only for generate the board, it won't be able to know and show the characters' location. The UI will do the job 
	for showing the characters, UI will collect all the things and display to the user, that's how the interface should
	be. If we conbine all of them to Maze, there will be a high chance for getting bug and error, also it is read to 
	read and understand.